[GL-4447] Docs for arrays (#130)
gleannyc/documentation: docs/docs/visualizing-data/Attributes-Tray.md

If a range filter is applied, you can see which values are affected in the attribute panel, but it is not possible to change the range filter from the attribute panel. This is because a range is incompatible with the idea of selecting specific range items.

> ## Array ('Tag') Attributes

Reviewer: use double quotes to be consistent

> Array attributes are a powerful feature that allow you to filter and group data based on array elements, treating them as "tags."

Reviewer: nit `"tags".`

> Array attributes are a powerful feature that allow you to filter and group data based on array elements, treating them as "tags."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Array attributes are a powerful feature that allow you to filter and group data based on array items, treating them as "tags."

Instead of treating the entire array array as a single value, you can filter and group data based on the unique items within those arrays. This provides greater flexibility and insights when analyzing data.
```

### Array Elements as "Tags"

Instead of treating arrays as single values, you can filter and group data based on individual elements within those arrays. This provides greater flexibility and insights when analyzing data that contains tags or multi-valued attributes.

### Filtering with Arrays

> The filtering functionality allows you to refine your data set based on specific array elements, treating them as "tags". When applying filters to array elements, you have the flexibility to narrow down the data while still preserving the entire record in your visualization. This means that if you filter for a specific tag, you will still see other tags associated with the same record if your visualization displays the array attribute.

Reviewer: > you have the flexibility to narrow down the data while still preserving the entire record in your visualization. This means that if you filter for a specific tag, you will still see other tags associated with the same record if your visualization displays the array attribute.

im not sure what this means

Author: This was trying to communicate that the filtering happens before splitting by element so even if you filter to a value you'll still see co-occuring values.

By retaining the other tags within the visualization, you can gain a comprehensive understanding of how the filtered tag relates to other tags in the dataset. This provides a holistic view of the data, enabling you to analyze the relationships and patterns between different tags.

> For example, if you filter for the tag "green" in a dataset of products with an array field called "colors," the visualization will show the products that have "green" as one of the colors. You will still be able to observe the other colors associated with those products, allowing you to identify additional color trends and correlations.

Reviewer: I guess this assumes I have things broken out by color? this is tough to understand without seeing

Author: Should i add a visual example or just take this out entirely?
